us, the shadowsof the evening began to creep round us. This was
emphasised by the fact that the snowymountain-top still held the
sunset, and seemedto glow out with a delicate cool pink. Here and there
we passed Cszeks and Slovaks, all in picturesque attire,but I noticed
that goitre was painfully prevalent. By the roadsidewere many crosses,
and as we swept by, my companions all crossed themselves. Here and there
was a peasant man or woman kneeling before ashrine, who did not even
turn round as we approached, but seemed in the self-surrender of
devotion to have neither eyes nor ears for the outer world. There were
many things new to me: for instance, hay-ricks in the trees, and here
and there very beautiful masses ofweeping birch, their white stems
shining like silverthrough the delicate green of the leaves. Now and
again wepassed a leiter-wagon--the ordinary peasant's cart--with its
long, snake-like vertebra, calculated to suit the inequalitiesof the
road. On this were sure to be seated quite a group of home-coming
peasants, the Cszeks with their white, and the Slovaks withtheir
coloured, sheepskins, the latter carrying lance-fashion their long
staves, with axe at end. As the evening fell it beganto get very cold,
and the growing twilight seemed to merge into one dark mistiness the
gloom of the trees, oak, beech, and pine, though in the valleys which
ran deep between the spurs of the hills, as we ascended through the
Pass, the dark firs stood out here and there against the background of
late-lying snow. Sometimes, as the road was cut throughthe pine woods
that seemed in the darkness to be closing down upon us, great masses of
greyness, which here and there bestrewed the trees, produced a
