upon me with an earnestness which would take no denial; thesewere
certainly of an odd and varied kind, but each was given in simplegood
faith, with a kindly word, and a blessing, and that strange mixture of
fear-meaning movements which I had seen outside the hotel at
Bistritz--the sign of the cross and the guard againstthe evil eye.
Then, as we flew along, the driver leaned forward, and on each side the
passengers, craning over the edge of the coach, peered eagerly into the
darkness. It was evident that something very excitingwas either
happening or expected, but though Iasked each passenger, no one would
give me the slightest explanation. This state of excitement kept on for
some littletime; and at last we saw before us the Pass opening out on
the eastern side. There were dark,rolling clouds overhead, and in the
air the heavy, oppressive sense of thunder. It seemed as though the
mountain range had separated two atmospheres, and that now we had got
into the thunderous one. I was now myself looking out for the conveyance
which was to take me to the Count. Each moment I expectedto see the
glare of lamps through the blackness; but all was dark. The onlylight
was the flickering rays of our own lamps, in which the steam from our
hard-driven horsesrose in a white cloud. We could see now the sandy
road lyingwhite before us, but there was on it no sign of a vehicle.
The passengers drew back with a sigh of gladness, which seemed to mock
myown disappointment. I was already thinking what I had best do, when
the driver, looking at his watch, said to the others something which I
could hardly hear, it was spoken so quietly and in so low a tone; I
