The strange driver evidentlyheard the words, for he looked up with a
gleaming smile. The passenger turned his face away, at the same time
putting out his two fingers and crossinghimself. "Give me the Herr's
luggage," said the driver;and with exceeding alacrity my bags were
handed out and put in the calèche. Then I descended from the side of the
coach, as the calèche was close alongside, the driverhelping me with a
hand which caught my arm in a grip of steel; his strength must have been
prodigious. Without a word he shook his reins, thehorses turned, and we
swept into the darknessof the Pass. As I looked back I saw the steam
from the horses of thecoach by the light of the lamps, and projected
against it the figures ofmy late companions crossing themselves. Then
thedriver cracked his whip and called to his horses, and off they swept
on their way to Bukovina. As they sank into the darkness I felt a
strange chill, and a lonely feelingcame over me; but a cloak was thrown
over my shoulders, and a rug across my knees, and the driver said in
excellent German:--

"The night ischill, mein Herr, and my master the Count bade me take all
care of you. There is a flask of slivovitz (the plumbrandy of the
country) underneath theseat, if you should require it." I did not take
any, but it was a comfort to know it was there all the same. I felt a
little strangely, and not a littlefrightened. I think had there been
any alternative I should have taken it, instead of prosecuting that
unknown night journey. The carriage went at ahard pace straight along,
