then we made a complete turn and went along another straight road. It
seemed to me that we were simply going overand over the same ground
again; and so I took note of some salient point, and found that this was
so. I would have liked to have asked the driver what this all meant,but
I really feared to do so, for I thought that, placed as I was, any
protest would have had no effect in case there had been an intention to
delay. By-and-by, however, as I was curious to know how time was
passing, I struck a match, and by its flame looked at my watch; it was
within a fewminutes of midnight. This gave me a sort of shock, for I
suppose the general superstition about midnight was increased bymy
recent experiences. I waited with a sick feeling of suspense.

Then adog began to howl somewhere in a farmhouse far down the road--a
long, agonised wailing, as if from fear. The sound was taken up by
another dog, and then another and another, till, borne on the wind which
now sighed softly through the Pass, a wild howling began, which seemed
to come from all over the country, as far as the imagination could grasp
it through the gloom of the night. At the first howl the horses began to
strain and rear, but the driver spoke to them soothingly, and they
quieted down, but shivered and sweated as though after a runaway from
sudden fright. Then, far off in the distance, fromthe mountains on each
side of us began a louder anda sharper howling--that of wolves--which
affected both the horses and myself in the same way--for I was minded to
jump from the cal√®che and run, whilst they reared again andplunged
