madly, so that the driver had to useall his great strength to keep them
from bolting. In a fewminutes, however, my own ears got accustomed to
the sound, and thehorses so far became quiet that the driver was able
to descend andto stand before them. He petted and soothed them, and
whispered something in theirears, as I have heard of horse-tamers
doing, and with extraordinary effect, for underhis caresses they became
quite manageable again,though they still trembled. The driver again
took his seat, and shaking his reins, started off at a great pace. This
time, after going to thefar side of the Pass, he suddenly turned down a
narrow roadway which ran sharply to the right.

Soon we werehemmed in with trees, which in places arched right over the
roadway till we passed as through a tunnel;and again great frowning
rocks guarded usboldly on either side. Though we were in shelter, we
could hear the rising wind, for it moaned andwhistled through the
rocks, and the branches of the treescrashed together as we swept along.
It grew colder and colder still, and fine, powdery snow began to fall,
so that soon we and all around us were covered with a white blanket. The
keen windstill carried the howling of the dogs, though this grew
fainter as we went on our way. The baying of the wolves sounded nearer
and nearer, as though they were closing round on us from every side. I
grew dreadfully afraid, and the horses shared my fear. The driver,
however,was not in the least disturbed; he kept turning his head to
left and right, but I could not see anything through the darkness.

