left Bistritz, let me put down my dinner exactly. I dined on what they
called "robber steak"--bits of bacon, onion, and beef, seasoned with red
pepper, and strung on sticksand roasted over the fire, in the simple
style of the London cat's meat! The wine was Golden Mediasch, which
produces a queer sting on the tongue, whichis, however, not
disagreeable. I had only a couple ofglasses of this, and nothing else.

When I got on the coach the driverhad not taken his seat, and I saw him
talking with the landlady.They were evidently talking of me, for every
now and then they looked at me, and some of the people whowere sitting
on the bench outside the door--which they call by a name meaning
"word-bearer"--came and listened, and thenlooked at me, most of them
pityingly. Icould hear a lot of words often repeated, queer words, for
there were manynationalities in the crowd; so I quietly got my polyglot
dictionary from my bag and looked them out. I must say they were not
cheering to me,for amongst them were "Ordog"--Satan, "pokol"--hell,
"stregoica"--witch, "vrolok" and "vlkoslak"--both of which mean the same
thing,one being Slovak and the other Servian for something that is
either were-wolf or vampire. (_Mem._, I must ask theCount about these
superstitions)

When we started, the crowd round the inn door, which had by this time
swelled to a considerable size, all made the sign of the cross and
pointed two fingers towards me. With somedifficulty I got a
fellow-passenger to tell me what they meant; he would not answer at
first, but on learning that I was English, he explained that it was a
